[manager] Set the memory limits from the local OS/container when they are not specified (#6603)
feldera/feldera: docs.feldera.com/docs/operations/memory.md

[Runtime configuration], the latter is used as the effective memory cap. We **strongly recommend**
setting at least one of these parameters to prevent out-of-memory failures.

On single-host deployments (for example, in Docker), if neither parameter

> is set, `resources.memory_mb_max` is set to min(host memory size, container memory limit).

Reviewer: I don't think that this is a good place for a math formula.

```suggestion
is set, `resources.memory_mb_max` is set to the host memory size or the container memory limit, whichever is smaller.
```
